placeholder

span

flex

inline block

justify-between

md:block











1.Start trading or Investing with paper Trading or Stimulator
2. SIP
3.Trade In Between 10.15 AM to 2.30 PM If You are a Beginner Many experts suggest that 10.15 AM to 2.30 PM is 
  the right time to conduct intraday trading. Morning volatility usually tends to subside by 10.00 to 10.15 AM,
  making it the perfect time to place intraday trades.
4.Choose right broker as per goals / trading styles
5.Opt for funds(like mutual funds, smallcases ) in beginning
6.Never risk more than 2% of your capital
7.dont forget discipline
8. dont have a paycheck mentality
9. perfect patterns carry greatest risk of failure
10. always use multiple moving averages
11. its all about solid risk management
12. As a trader,our main task is to control the losses, rather than focusing on profits
13. Keep checking multiple time frames
14.Practice min. 20 charts daily
15.never rely on a single indicator.
16. for beginner, select stocks from top gainers/losers
17. buy the stock when sustain above previous day high or sell stck when 
sustain below previous day low
18. for intraday, use 15-min time frame for analysis and 5-min time frame 
for entry
19. always shortlist stocks one day before for intraday trading
20. Use CAN-SLIM startegy for long term investment
     ● C-The(C)urrent quarterly earnings per share (EPS)of a company needs to be at least 18%to 20%higher than
 they were a year ago. • A-The(A)nnual earnings per share needs to reflect material growth for at least the
 previous five years. • N- The company needs to have something (N)ew going on, such as a new product, change of
 management, etc. S- The company should be trying to repurchase its own (S)hares outstanding,which is often done
 when companies expect high future profits. L-The company needs to be a (L)eader in its category instead of a laggard.
 • I- The company should have some, but not too many, (I)nstitutional sponsors. M-The investor should
 understand how the overall(M)arket affects the company's stock and when it can best be bought and sold.
llll

21. defend your capital as capital is everything
22. never get overconfident due to winning trades
23. 





